feat(remove): Wrap controlled patterns in comment block (#4)
seek-oss/ensure-gitignore: README.md

<a id="comment">

> #### comment (?string, default: 'managed')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### comment (?string, default: 'managed by ensure-gitignore')
```

> Allows you to document the list of patterns that are being controlled programmatically. This helps provide context as to why/what is controlling certain patterns within a `.gitignore` file. Anything inside the comment block will be re-written on each run.

Reviewer: Do we need to document that this option is required if you want to be able to remove controlled patterns? Otherwise, this looks like it's merely cosmetic.

Author: Given there is a default comment you get the removal behaviour out of the box rather than an opt-in. There is no way to opt-out of the block style.

Reviewer: Ah, gotcha. So should we make it mandatory? Right now it's `?string`.

Reviewer: Ignore me. I need more coffee.

Author: <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7aD4RmGGJkUrrkOY/giphy.gif" />

> Allows you to document the list of patterns that are being controlled programmatically. This helps provide context as to why/what is controlling certain patterns within a `.gitignore` file. Anything inside the comment block will be re-written on each run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to document the list of patterns that are being controlled programmatically. This helps provide context as to what is controlling certain patterns within a `.gitignore` file. Anything inside the comment block will be re-written on each run, including the removal of old patterns that are no longer managed.
```
